# Wrath of the Booze King (RandomLichKing)
New Year's Eve program that reminds you to drink and counts down at midnight in the voice of the Lich King from the Warcraft games and World of Warcraft.

Developed in 2020 and refactored in 2023, this app is a fun little addition to your New Year's Eve parties. After startup, the Lich King greets the players. The rules are simple, whenever the Lich King yells: "Frostmourne hungers", the players are to drink from their respective drinks. At midnight the "Lich King" counts down and wishes the players a Happy New Year and gives them an achievement.

Should you stumble upon this repo, we hope you have fun with it. 

Also, please drink responsibly and definitely <b>DO NOT </b> drink and drive! 

ENJOY!

## About the code
The code for this program was first implemented by a good friend of mine as a "one class does all" program with a very bare-bones UI. 
Some years later I have begun my programming journey and once I have acquired some knowledge in Java and the SOLID and OOP principles I have wanted to look at this app. 

Immediately, I jumped into refactoring and cleaning up the code with them, migrating the UI to be generated in intellij IDEA because we found the old one generated by NetBeans to be really outdated and convoluted. 
I spent about 2 months refactoring the code with their help and oversight. It is with their assent that we have made this repo public.
As it is now, I still can not say that the code perfectly adheres to all OOP and SOLID principles, but it is in a good place. 
We implemented interfaces to adhere to abstraction, we separated the sound playing elements to be abstract but also modular and reusable and implemented a couple of neat features such as random events that happen while the program is running.

In the future I would very much like to make this a real program the user could download and install and just run. I would also really like to add new features to this like more random events, user interaction besides just the Kill button we have now and more.

### Notes
- The UI for the program was originally created with Netbeans but now migrated to IDEA.

### Rules of the game
- Follow the orders of the Lich King and drink accordingly!
